TFKUBE-339: Added the documentation for product versions (#172)
atlassian-labs/data-center-terraform: docs/docs/userguide/configuration/CONFLUENCE_CONFIGURATION.md

`confluence_helm_chart_version` sets the [Helm chart](https://github.com/atlassian/data-center-helm-charts){.external} version of Confluence instance.

```terraform
confluence_helm_chart_version = "1.2.0"
```

### Confluence version tag

> Confluence will be installed with the default version defined in Hem chart. If you want to install a specific version of Bamboo, you can set the `confluence_version_tag` to the version you want to install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Confluence will be installed with the default version defined in its [Helm chart](https://github.com/atlassian/data-center-helm-charts/blob/7e7897dda093b174ce66b4294b0783663a4eddaf/src/main/charts/confluence/Chart.yaml#L6). If you want to install a specific version of Bamboo, you can set the `confluence_version_tag` to the version you want to install.
```
